README.md, before:

# ELBLOGCAT

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat)

`elblogcat` is tool to list accesslogs for aws loadbalancers and cat them to see the content of them without need to download them local and cat them manual.

## Installation

### Manual installation - compile it

- [Install go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
- Set up `GOPATH` and add `$GOPATH/bin` to your `PATH`
- Run `go get -u github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat`

### Download github release 

```sh
curl https://github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat/releases/download/<release>/elblogcat_<release>_<os>_<arch>.tar.gz --out elblogcat_0.0.1-rc2_darwin_amd64.tar.gz
```

## Usage

### list all accesslog with prefix

```sh
elblogcat list --aws-account-id 1234567890 --s3-prefix-bucket lb-bucket --s3-prefix team-xxx
```

### list all accesslog with without prefix

```sh
elblogcat list --aws-account-id 1234567890 --s3-prefix-bucket lb-bucket
```

### cat accesslog for one load-balancer between a timerange

```sh
elblogcat cat --load-balancer-id load-balancer-id --start-time "2019-03-03 11:00:00" --end-time "2019-03-03 12:00:00"
```

Commit message:

docs: This cli Inspired by wolviecb.

README.md, after:

# ELBLOGCAT

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat)

`elblogcat` is tool to list accesslogs for aws loadbalancers and cat them to see the content of them without need to download them local and cat them manual.

This cli program is inspired by [wolviecb](https://github.com/wolviecb) that made bash script that analyses elb/access logs.

## Installation

### Manual installation - compile it

- [Install go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
- Set up `GOPATH` and add `$GOPATH/bin` to your `PATH`
- Run `go get -u github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat`

### Download github release 

```sh
curl https://github.com/dbgeek/elblogcat/releases/download/<release>/elblogcat_<release>_<os>_<arch>.tar.gz --out elblogcat_0.0.1-rc2_darwin_amd64.tar.gz
```

## Usage

### list all accesslog with prefix

```sh
elblogcat list --aws-account-id 1234567890 --s3-prefix-bucket lb-bucket --s3-prefix team-xxx
```

### list all accesslog with without prefix

```sh
elblogcat list --aws-account-id 1234567890 --s3-prefix-bucket lb-bucket
```

### cat accesslog for one load-balancer between a timerange

```sh
elblogcat cat --load-balancer-id load-balancer-id --start-time "2019-03-03 11:00:00" --end-time "2019-03-03 12:00:00"
```
